do you need a professional sounding
voice mail system maybe you're a
promoter who needs to create a
professional radio advertisement for
your event or maybe you're a corporate
executive looking to create a compelling
PowerPoint presentation with narration
with the Vox tone Pro all this is
possible simply by using our easy to use
online voiceover project creator we even
let you combine our royalty free
background music for your projects most
importantly we offer real professional
voice-over talent accessible to you at a
fraction of the market price the Vong
stone crow online voiceover project
creator gives you the control to create
your own content the way you want it
done we put you in the director seat
you're the producer and it's all done by
a few simple clicks combined music
within your project you can select a
musical sound before the voice-over
person will speak or off to combine
background music behind the voice-over
person speaking your script or simply
opt to not have any music by selecting
here choose the voice accents you would
like do you want a UK style of accent or
North American style of accent speaking
your script do you want a male
voice-over talent or female voice over
talent listen to the voice over artist
by clicking here then preview the voice
type in your script even direct voice
emotion maybe you want the voice-over
artist to sound excited monotone
corporate or as if they're advertising a
movie trailer scared the voice-over
professional might not say a certain
name or wording your script properly no
problem by clicking here you can give
verbal instructions to ensure proper
pronunciation or any other instructions
you may have for the voice-over artist
speaking your script the vox tone pro is
a revolutionary online tool used across
the globe combined music royalty-free
choose from some of the top voiceover
talents worldwide even choose from
things such as directing voiceover
emotion all this starting at just 13 99
but set just 13
and you're on your way to creating your
own multimedia voiceover project
delivered to you no strings attached
create your voiceover project now